[Court]
[Ambient sound]
Zhang Peizan: I came back from walking the horses that day. Just when I walked to the garden,
I heard the young lady and her fiancé talking.
[Opera orchestra plays]
She asked him to come to the garden in the middle of the night to get gold.
[Sound effect: Gasp]
Feelings of greed stirred in my heart at that moment.
[Ambient sound]
[Garden]
[Opera orchestra plays]
Chorus (singing): He said that he stole a hairpin because he was greedy for gold,
and quietly waited outside the garden for Xuechun.
He clapped his hands three times so that the gate would open,
[Opera orchestra plays]
and he could exchange the hairpin for money without any hindrance.
Xuechun: Mr. Lin,
[Opera orchestra plays]
Mr. Lin,
you must not let my lady’s kindness go to waste.
It's getting late,
[Opera orchestra plays]
please go back.
Chorus (singing): Flustered, legs trembling,
[Opera orchestra plays]
he fell to the ground and ruined his plan.
Xuechun: Mr. Lin?
Chorus: Xuechun recognized who it was and shouted loudly.
[Opera orchestra plays]
Ah, it’s you!
Zhang Peizan: Don't shout.
If you shout, I will kill you.
Chorus (singing): One mistake of his caused her soul to travel to the underworld.
[Opera orchestra plays]
Xuechun: Help! Help! Help!
[Sound effect: Gasp]
[Court]
Zhang Peizan: Just when I managed to hide the knife and the gold,
I saw Lin coming over.
So, he became my scapegoat!